feat(exporter-logs-otlp-proto): implements protobuf exporter for logs (#3779)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/packages/exporter-logs-otlp-proto/README.md

# An OTLP exporter to send logs using protobuf over HTTP

[![NPM Published Version][npm-img]][npm-url]
[![Apache License][license-image]][license-image]

**Note: This is an experimental package under active development. New releases may include breaking changes.**

> This module provides exporter for logs in node/web to be used with OTLP (`http/protobuf`) compatible receivers.
> Compatible with [opentelemetry-collector][opentelemetry-collector-url] versions `>=0.32 <=0.50`.

Reviewer: To make it consistent with the other new exporters, where we only list the proto version.
```suggestion
This module provides an exporter for OTLP (http/json) logs using protocol version `v0.18`.
```

## Installation

```bash
npm install --save @opentelemetry/exporter-logs-otlp-proto
```

> ## Service Name
> 
> The OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter does not have a service name configuration.
> In order to set the service name, use the `service.name` resource attribute as prescribed in the [OpenTelemetry Resource Semantic Conventions][semconv-resource-service-name].
> To see documentation and sample code for the logs exporter, see the [exporter-metrics-otlp-proto package][logs-exporter-url]

Reviewer: This exporter never had this feature, so we can leave some of this out.
Also the documentation there was meant to point toward the other exporters :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
## Further Documentation

To see documentation and sample code for the traces exporter, as well as instructions for using TLS, see the [exporter-trace-otlp-proto package][trace-exporter-url].
To see documentation and sample code for the metric exporter, see the [exporter-trace-otlp-proto package][metrics-exporter-url].
```

(see suggestion below to make the links work)

> # OpenTelemetry Collector Exporter for node with protobuf

Reviewer 2: I suggest using 'An OTLP exporter for logs using protobuf over HTTP'

Author: Changing
